2026. 06. 25. 21:52
Today I heard about Hack Club, however I have already have a project, so I continue it.
Pre-work: I have already done a 5 DOF robot arm, as my first projekt (ESP32-S3-N16R8+MG995 servos+PCA9685), but it was to unstable and weak, so i had to start over. After some research, I bought 2 NEMA17 and 2 A4988, so I can control the stepper motors. However, I forgot to adjust the potentiometer, so I fried both of the A4988 :D With the stepper motors, I have bought a gyroscope and some capatitors (16V, 470uF – so I can solder them together to get 32V, 235uF), however I got 25V, 33uF capatitors… and the „gyroscope” was a magnetometer+accelerometer (GY-511)… I didn’t want to send it back, so I made 25V, 99uF – that’s enough, I guess, but after my dad helped me to understand the wiring diagram, I thought I have to connect them in series (VCC->capacitor->A4988)… I’m so glad I asked my dad to help. After that I fried the A4998s, but I already mentioned it. I got the „gyroscope” to explore it and have fun with that, so I had an idea, when I woke up…
06.25. Work:
I immediately started a brainstorm with ChatGPT :P -> how could I use the GY-511… And I had an idea… What if I use it like a steering wheel. I generated the code with Claude, because I didn’t know how to use it – tomorrow I will :D – Andddd… it didn’t worked… WHHYYY??? After some debugging and researching, I finally realised, I didn’t connected the SAO pin to the GND, after that it didn’t worked! yayy xd soooo after some debugging, and I got rid of some not existing PINs in the code… it finally worked! Now MORE IDEAS! I had a steering wheel and pedals in the basement, and they are not working. What if I use them somehow, to make a gas-break pedal. I took off the back of the pedals… now what? I don’t know which wires I need, so i tested them with multimeter, and I didn’t know why I had short circuit. I didn’t had, because when the pedals are in default, the resistence is almost zero. So I knew exactly which wire I need, but they are way too short to connect them with the ESP32-S3, so I had to solder them together with a longer wire. After I connected them, I generated the code andddd… it’s working! However, I needed 3 3V3 pins, but I only had 2, so I had to cut the wire again and solder them together, so I could connect them… And it WORKED! Let’s try it out in RaceRoom Racing Experience game, because it have been downloaded… It’s not working… DUCK… After some research, I realised, it won’t work, because they are not compatible, so I started finding racing games, but the good ones were paid games… However, my friend have Assetto Corsa, and we have a joint steam account – or something like that xd – so I could play with the game, and it’s working! 
Goals for tomorrow: 3D modelling a steering wheel (because the old one is not optimal for me) and designing it so the ESP32 can be easily removed and reused in other projects.
